today we make roast pork in
clay pot we need a piece to
to advise my neck what we salt with
and pepper and paprika
if the freestanding is beautiful with the seasoning
covered we leave it for half
hour by hour rest and in the
In the meantime we will prepare
the vegetables in front
what exactly vegetables do you find?
of course again on www kfw de
then the vegetables can be in the
already be cut in the meantime
we need that later than
Flavor and underlay in the
earthenware pot
good that with the spice I would have now
can cut a bit
but I thought I'll show you this
make it complete again
so that it gives a nice crust it is
important the paprika powder really nice
easy to incorporate into the meat
put
Now let it and finish the vegetables
there we are already it just needs roughly
the vegetables are cut
also celeriac tomatoes may carrot yes
actually soup vegetables if the meat
then it is still with one
Mustard layer rubbed
we take an extra hot mustard
but that is a matter of taste
Again, evenly everywhere
distribute are thick
yes to clay pot again the clay pot must
Of course at least half to one
hour before use properly extensively
it will be watered in the oven
does not break and the clay pot comes
of course in the cold
oven
so now we are still pouring about touch
half to three quarters to half
Let's say the vegetables should be like that
be covered
Finally, a big two
arteries on top and then for
about an hour in the oven
the hour is over now we take that
Meat from the pot and give the sud
collected through a sieve and from the
South we will make a sauce afterwards
you can with sauce binder or with
Strength bind a little and there is one
excellent sauce who wants to
also puree and bind the vegetables
use
pure taste thing it tries out
What you like the most meat
then go again without a lid
into the hoven so that the crust becomes beautiful
when the meat is completely finished afterwards
then you should consume it form still
by about ten minutes in
wrapping alufoil and outside of
let rouge then collect
the juices and tastes so very good
thanks for watching and have fun because